I have only... given up my body.
You see, by sending you e-mail, I can use the system to explain to you that I am still alive.
I wanted to let you know this, Lain.
I want all the others to know too, so I have sent them e-mail also.
You may find this hard to believe.
Do you understand?
It's okay if you don't.
You will all understand soon.

Hahaha...
So finally caught the computer bug, have you?
Lain, you are in junior high now already.
Your school chums must be leaving you in the technical dust.
Huh?
We should upgrade that old Navi.
You know Lain, in the real world or the Wired world, people are connected somehow.
That's how societies are created.
You should broaden your horizons, make an effort to create friends.
Take the initiative--even a girl like you should be able to make friends right off the bat.
You can live and communicate in both worlds.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
I wish your mother could understand that.

Cherry blossom. It's how fast they fall. Five centimeters per second

t's been a while hasn't it? The summer here can get pretty hot, compared to Tokyo it's still much cooler though. But now that I think about it, I think I actually prefer to humid summers of Tokyo, the melting hot pavements, the shimmering skyscrapers, the freezing cold air conditioning in department stores and trains. The last time we saw each other was in our elementary school graduation. It's already been six months since that.
Hey, Takaki, do you, still remember me?


My club activities have been keeping me so that I'm writing you this letter from the train. I got my hair cut the other day, it's so short: my ears are showing. If you saw me now you probably wouldn't recognize me.

Are you doing well during these cold days? It's snow here a bunch of times already, every time I get ready for school I have to put on all these heavy clothing. It's still hasn't snow in Tokyo yet, has it? Even though I moved here I still checked out the weather there, I guess it's out of habit.

I was surprised to hear that this time you're the one moving from Tokyo. We're both used to moving around a lot aren't we? But Kagoshima is kind of hard, at least it seems that way. I mean, it's not kind of distance I can just hop on the train to meet you. It's little bit, sort of, sad, don't you think? I really really hope you doing well. Wherever you are.

Dear Takaki,
I'm so happy you're coming up to see me on March the fourth. It'll be one year since I last saw you. It's funny, but I feel nervous.
There is a big cherry tree in your house, and when it's spring, I bet peddles fall at the speed of five centimeters per second. Here's what I wish: I wish you could bring spring time with you


Looking back, I think Akari and me were a lot alike in a lot of ways. About a year after I moved to Tokyo, Akari transferred into my class. We were both still small and sickly, we like being in the library more than in the playground. It was only natural the two of us will become friends. And of course, he gave our classmates reason they needed to tease us. Strangely though, it didn't matter too much to us. Because we knew we have each other. We definitely be attending the same middle school, we would always be together. I don't know why, but that's what I believed.



Four stations along the routes seem incredibly far apart from each other. Every time the train stopped. It took forever before started on its way again. The unfamiliar snowy wasteland outside the train. The way time crawled along. Painful and hunger I felt. Slowly it made me felt more helpless. The time we promised to meet past. She was probably started to worry. On that day, the night she called, she was more worried than I was about how things turning out. I don't know why, but I just couldn't find any words to comfort her. I was ashamed of myself.

I don't know why, but whenever I read her letters, I always pictured her alone. The train didn't move for two hours. Just sat there on the tracks in the middle of nowhere. Each and every minute felt dreadful long. Time clearly had evil intentions above me, slowly float away. There was only one thing I could do: I have to brace myself, grift my teeth to keep from crying. Gosh, please... please... it's just... it'd be better if you just went home...

Desperately, reaching recklessly towards the sky, launching that massive object in search of something... almost overwhelmingly far in the distance...
I began to understand why Tono seemed different from the others.
At the same time, I came to a very clear realization that Tono was never looking at me...
So that day I didn't say anything to Tono.
...Tono is certainly nice, very nice indeed.
...But, Tono's always looking past me... at something far beyond.
I guess my wishes to be with Tono will never come true.
But I still... but I still won't be able to stop loving him.
Not today, not tomorrow, not ever...
I fell asleep that night crying.
The only thoughts in my head... being of Tono...

It must really be... a lonelier journey than anyone could imagine.
Cutting through absolute darkness...
Encountering nothing except the occasional stray hydrogen atom...
Flying blindly into the abyss, believing there lays the answers to the mysteries of the universe.
And us, to that end, how far should we go...?
And how far can we go...?
I wonder... when did I get in the habit of writing messages... to nobody...?
